this is the movieclips weekly five where
we give you five things to be excited
about in the entertainment world this
week it was an amazing weekend at the
box office with fast & furious 6 taking
a huge lead with 120 million domestic
over the four-day weekend worldwide it
took an estimated 317 million which is
more than double its report a budget of
160 million this bodes well for Fast and
Furious 7 which has already announced
Jason Statham as its villain the other
big release this weekend the hangover 3
made a very respectable 50 1,000,000 the
Khan Film Festival got started this past
week with premieres for Alexander
Payne's Nebraska the Coen brothers
inside the wind Davis and Jim Jarmusch's
only lovers left alive while the
response to most of the films has been
generally positive the big surprise of
the festival has been the polarizing
reaction to Nicolas Winding Refn's only
God forgives the film's dying Ryan
Gosling and his first collaboration with
reference and strive takes place in the
thai boxing underworld and has been
described as extreme and ultraviolet
splitting critics as to whether it's
high art or trashy cartoon find out for
yourself on july 19th and don't forget
to check out our top 10 things to be
excited about for the Khan Film Festival
this year m night shyamalan's after
earth strong will and jaden smith opens
this friday Shyamalan wanted financial
and critical darling with films like The
Sixth Sense unbreakable and science has
experienced somewhat of a fall from
grace in recent years with critical
flops like the happening in the last
airbender Shyamalan has always
established himself as a talented
director of suspense but many hope that
the star powered sci-fi film about
father and son fighting for survival on
a future earth will watch him back into
audiences good graces the East opens in
limited release this week the film
involving an intelligent operative who
infiltrates an anarchist group known for
covertly attacking corporations was
directed by zal batmanglij who along
with co-writer and star brit marling
made 2011's equally chilling in the
sci-fi drama sounded my voice the east
also stars Ellen Page Patricia Clarkson
and Alexander Skarsgard
francis ford coppola director of the
legendary Godfather series recently
announced plans to return with another
italian-american family saga Coppola has
returned more of its any roots in the
past decades with small offbeat films
like you without youth petrol and twix
while details of his film are still
unavailable it is known that you will be
directing the film from his own script
this has been the movieclips weekly 5
don't forget to subscribe and comment
below and let us know what you're
excited about for this week for movie
clips thanks for watching